fix docs for action reflection (#947)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/create-self-service-experiences/reflect-action-progress/reflect-action-progress.md

1. Update the run's status, by using the `status` key with one of these values: `SUCCESS`, `FAILURE`.  
   This will mark the run as completed and show a visual indicator, for example:
    <img src='/img/self-service-actions/reflect-action-progress/actionStatusSuccess.png' width='35%' border='1px' />
   
2. Update the run's status label, by using the `statusLabel` key with a custom message.  
   If a label and a status are both provided, the custom message will be displayed with the status' color. For example, the following request body:
   ```json showLineNumbers
   {
     "status": "FAILURE",
     "statusLabel": "Wrong personal token provided"
   }
   ```
   will display the following status label: 
    <img src='/img/self-service-actions/reflect-action-progress/actionStatusFailureLabel.png' width='45%' border='1px' />
   When providing a label only, the status will remain as `IN_PROGRESS` and the label will be displayed with its neutral color.

3. Add links to external logs of the job runners, by using the `link` key - AWS Cloudwatch logs, Github Workflow job, Jenkins job, etc.

:::tip Multiple and partial updates

> You can make a `PATCH` request to the endpoint as many times as you need until the action run has finished (as long as you don't terminate the run by sending changing the `status`).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can make a `PATCH` request to the endpoint as many times as you need until the action run has finished (as long as you don't terminate the run by changing the `status`).  
```

Note that every patch request will override the previous information that was available for a given key. For example, when updating the `link` key multiple times, only the last provided value will be displayed in the action run.
:::

### Run logs

By sending a `POST` request to the `https://api.getport.io/v1/actions/runs/{run_id}/logs` endpoint, you can do the following:

1. Add log entries to the run's log, by using the `message` key.
2. Update the run's status via the `terminationStatus` key with one of these values: `SUCCESS`, `FAILURE`.

> 3. Update the run's description, by using the `statusLabel` key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Update the run's status label, by using the `statusLabel` key.
```
